up to 0.2.0 in doc (#56)
Percona-Lab/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator: install/kubernetes.md

0. First of all, clone the percona-xtradb-cluster-operator repository:

   ```bash
   git clone -b release-0.2.0 https://github.com/Percona-Lab/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator
   cd percona-xtradb-cluster-operator
   ```

>    **Note:** *It is crucial to checkout code by right tag on this step. Please be careful.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note:** *It is crucial to specify the right branch with `-b` option while cloning the code on this step. Please be careful.*
```
